README.md, before:

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/129570700/233840895-4d7c1166-f942-4966-8f02-5abb8de2861d.mp4
> A Python program called FRS: File Reader and Separator which read the content of a file, it should be integers. That way it can separate the even numbers from odd numbers and write it to its respective text file.

# DESCRIPTIONS 📝
- The program has even.txt and odd.txt files. Which holds the even and odd integers generated from reading the number.txt file.
- It used a *with statement* to **open, read, append, and write** on the text files namely even.txt and odd.txt.
- The program has a loading *bar feature* to initiate the program.
- Uses **pyfiglet**, **termcolor**, and **tqdm**

## How to run in IDE 👩🏻‍💻?
1. Copy the code to your preferred IDE.
2. Create a text file that will hold the integers and name it as **"number.txt"**.

*Sample picture*

![P-1 1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/129570700/233843581-916c3950-d36c-4d40-a475-6ae962520ea2.PNG)

3. Create a text file that will contain the **even** and **odd** numbers.

*Sample picture*

![P-1 2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/129570700/233844444-afdecff0-a1a7-4c47-8420-b2b50681bdb3.PNG)

5. Install the **pyfiglet**, **termcolor**, and **tqdm** for the features it has.
6. Run the program

*Sample picture*
![P-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/129570700/233842428-54c7bf2a-e26f-4eb9-8f09-e928e3de5c38.PNG)

## How to run in git bash 🚀?
> git clone https://github.com/Laguting/FRS_File-reader-and-separator_-even-or-odd.git

> cd FRS_File-reader-and-seperator_-even-or-odd/

> python FRS

# INSTALLATIONS

# CREDITS
## CONTACTS

Commit message:

Added the installations and contacts

README.md, after:

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/129570700/233840895-4d7c1166-f942-4966-8f02-5abb8de2861d.mp4
> A Python program called FRS: File Reader and Separator which read the content of a file, it should be integers. That way it can separate the even numbers from odd numbers and write it to its respective text file.

# DESCRIPTIONS 📝
- The program has even.txt and odd.txt files. Which holds the even and odd integers generated from reading the number.txt file.
- It used a *with statement* to **open, read, append, and write** on the text files namely even.txt and odd.txt.
- The program has a loading *bar feature* to initiate the program.
- Uses **pyfiglet**, **termcolor**, and **tqdm**

## How to run in IDE 👩🏻‍💻?
1. Copy the code to your preferred IDE.
2. Create a text file that will hold the integers and name it as **"number.txt"**.

*Sample picture*

![P-1 1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/129570700/233843581-916c3950-d36c-4d40-a475-6ae962520ea2.PNG)

3. Create a text file that will contain the **even** and **odd** numbers.

*Sample picture*

![P-1 2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/129570700/233844444-afdecff0-a1a7-4c47-8420-b2b50681bdb3.PNG)

5. Install the **pyfiglet**, **termcolor**, and **tqdm** for the features it has.
6. Run the program

*Sample picture*
![P-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/129570700/233842428-54c7bf2a-e26f-4eb9-8f09-e928e3de5c38.PNG)

## How to run in git bash 🚀?
> git clone https://github.com/Laguting/FRS_File-reader-and-separator_-even-or-odd.git

> cd FRS_File-reader-and-seperator_-even-or-odd/

> python FRS

# INSTALLATIONS 📥
- **This program used two installations namely Pyfiglet, Termcolor, and Tqdm. Install it by typing the following in the terminal.**
> pip install pyfiglet, termcolor, tqdm

# CREDITS  👩
- Developed by Maricon Jane G. Laguting from BSCpE 1-4
### CONTACTS
- *Facebook*: https://www.facebook.com/mariconjaneglaguting?mibextid=ZbWKwL
- *Number*: (TM) +63 926 395 2915
- *Gmail*: lagutingmariconjaneg@gmail.com
